Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Where do you think
you're going. huh?
Where do you think you're going?
Where do you think
you're going. huh?
- No!
- Get up!
I don't wanna do it anymore!
Please--
Please don't make me.
Please...
Mm!
Hey. I'm glad you
guys could make it.
You enjoying yourselves?
It's plenty more
where that came from.
Who's winning?
What do you mean
who's winning?
Brian and I got this on lock!
Three games in a row!
Renee. God don't
like no braggart.
You know what?
If God was this
as good at Spades.
he'd brag too.
Well. we need to
switch it up after this.
Tired of getting
your butt whipped?
Tired of seeing your ugly face.
What. is it happening again?
A couple of times a day.
I told you to go see
somebody about that.
Mm. I ain't got no time to be
waitin' all day in urgent care.
Just a couple of aspirin.
and I'll be good as new.
Hey!
Hey. enjoynig
your birthday. baby?
-It's the best one ever.
-Yeah?
You guys go wash your hands.
We're gonna cut the cake soon.
Yeah?
Mmkay. Mmkay.
Mia?
What?
No. that's not nece--
Mm. mm.
Okay.
Huh. yeah.
Bye.
Who told her?
Why?
She's her aunt!
She's not welcome here.
and you know that.
I told you.
You knew?
I don't understand why
you guys hate her so much.
You didn't have to
grow up with her.
It's not my fault Grandma didn't
have enough room for all of us.
I just don't understand
why you guys hate her so much.
Yes. she did kill a person.
But he was beating on Venus.
I don't condone
what she did. but...
I'm not gonna
hold it against her.
That is not it.
Mia Ann is--
She's here.
What did I do?
Just play.
You got a lot of
nerve showing up here.
Don't talk to my mom like that.
Uh. it's okay. baby.
Just go get the
things out the back.
Why so much venom to
someone bearing gifts?
I told you. I don't
need anything from you.
Oh. all of a sudden?
Because when your heat was off
and your funds was low.
my money was good
enough for you then.
That's because it
involved Cameron.
Didn't want her freezing.
And just like then. I'm
here for Cameron again.
Where should I put this?
Back in the truck.
'cause you're not staying.
Oh!
I see you invited the others.
They're her family.
I'm her family.
I love her too.
I mean. nobody's
perfect. Patricia.
And you let her stay with Renee.
and she got a different man
at her house every week!
And Brian?
He can't think his way out
a paper bag. he's so dumb.
The only one who don't
give me problems is Yoyo.
That's because she lived
with Grandma after Mom died.
Well. you could've
moved in with her.
No. I couldn't!
She already had seven of us
in her two-bedroom house.
The rest of us had to
stay with Venus and you.
Yolanda don't know
what you forced us
to do to each other.
We were kids!
We were stupid!
Now we gotta move on!
You were
supposed to take care of us!
I am not here to fight.
I came here so that my niece
can have a memorable birthday.
Auntie Mia?
Hi. baby.
Are those for me?
Of course they are.
and I got something
else for you too.
Wow!
Cam Cam. give back the money.
But...
Give the money back.
Go play with your friends.
What about my gifts?
The adults are talking.
Go on. now.
Yes. ma'am.
Now. take your gifts and
your tired-ass daughter--
Excuse me?
--back to your SUV and
get the hell out of here.
People change.
Isn't that what you
read in your Bible?
Forgiveness?
God forgives.
I ain't God.
Patricia...
I love you. sis.
Come on with the damn bike.
If you just gonna
sit there and be angry.
you could go to your room.
Why couldn't I keep the gifts?
When it comes to your auntie.
things are complicated.
But it was $40!
Baby. not all money...
is good money.
I don't understand.
How can I explain this?
Okay. in the Bible.
it says that money
is a protection.
It can be used to pay for things
we need. like food and clothes.
Or the doll I was gonna
buy with the money.
Yes. or the doll.
But sometimes. people get
money by doing bad things.
by hurting others.
Aunt Mia's family.
She would never hurt me.
Unfortunately. sometimes
the ones that hurt us the most
are family.
Did she hurt you?
Come here.
Listen.
I know you're upset about today.
But I did what's best for us.
And I promise. next
year. your birthday
is gonna be even better
than this one. okay?
Now. let's clean this up
and get ready for bed.
'cause we have a lot
to be thankful for.
And forgive us our debts
as we have also
forgiven our debtors.
and do not bring us
into temptation.
but deliver us from
the wicked one.
In Jesus' name we pray. amen.
Amen.
Mom?
Yes. baby.
Where's God?
Mm. well...
God is omnipresent.
Do you know what that means?
It means that he
is everywhere at all times.
-Even now?
-Mmhmm. yes.
Even now.
I bet that's pretty hard
for you to imagine. huh?
Can you name something
that you can see?
There's a lot of trees outside.
Yes.
Well. from now on.
whenever you see a tree.
let that be a reminder
that you are never alone.
God is with you.
Okay?
Okay.
Go to bed.
What's for breakfast?
Oatmeal.
Do we have any sugar or butter?
No. we're all out.
There's syrup if you
want to sweeten it up.
I know you're sick of it.
but it's all we have today.
And we're thankful for it.
Grace!
Milk...
-Mama?
-Yes. baby?
You can use the money
I got for my birthday
to buy something
else for breakfast.
Aren't you generous?
Won't be necessary.
Eat your meal.
Mama!
Mama. please. wake up!
Mama. wake up!
Please!
Mama!
Wake up!
A damn aneurysm.
I told her
to go see a doctor.
I don't know what
we're gonna do.
I'm just sayin'.
she's been complaining about
her head for weeks now.
No one ever listens to me.
Uh-huh!
Yeah!
No. I can take her.
For sure.
You missed a spot.
Come on. now. Renee!
I said it's not a problem!
Yeah. that's my niece.
and I will take her.
Okay.
O-O-Okay.
Yeah. just let me
know what time.
Okay. all right. baby.
Okay. talk to you soon.
Is it positive?
I don't know.
I can't tell.
Well. you got any more?
That was the last one.
Oh. you are such an idiot!
Clean up this mess!
Whatever...
What you say?
No. I think I heard
you say something.
Didn't you hear
her say something. Chris?
Yeah. I heard her say something.
I just couldn't
make out what she said.
I think she
done forgot who I am.
But I'm sure about to
remind you.
Bring her to the
kitchen. please.
No. no. no.
No.
Are you serious?
I got enough on
my plate already.
Please tell me these
are not for today!
They sure are!
You have an hour.
What...
- Hey. Gail!
- Ugh...
- Gail!
- Josh...
- Hey. there.
- Mmhmm...
Oof!
Wow. you look. uh. rough.
Yeah. listen. I need a favor.
Yeah. no. you're
all out of those.
No. listen. listen. Gail. look.
You already know I'm skating
on thin ice with Rob. right?
If. if I show up to court
lookin' like this. it's a wrap.
Yeah. well. you know what?
While you were out
on maternity leave.
I covered for you.
You're back. I'm done.
But these are the easy ones.
I've already done
most of the work.
Most of the work. huh?
So easy.
Fine.
Thank you.
Gosh!
Look...
All right. what we got?
You reviewed Mia's profile?
Yes.
And done all the background
research on the case?
Yes. yes. of course!
All good. right?
It's so easy.
Fine! Again.
But you know this classifies
as a baby shower gift. right?
- Noted!
- Yeah. noted.
- Yes! You're the best.
- Josh. god!
- Love you!
- Yeah. whatever!
What are you doing here?
Happy to see you awake.
Good. water.
You got it?
I brought a present for you.
Mama!
How's my baby?
Mm...
I'm good.
I miss you.
I miss you too.
How long I was out for?
Right around three--
-Days?
-Weeks.
My god. I gotta get outta here.
Wait a minute. now.
See. the doctor said
you need to take it easy.
No stress. no sudden movements.
The best thing
for you is to rest.
What's best for me
is that I go home
and take care of my baby.
Cam's all right.
Gave her lunch money.
bought her some clothes.
'cause that girl's
growing like a weed.
Like I told you. sis.
I love you.
and I love my niece.
Why don't you just
let her stay with me?
And I'll keep bringing her
here to visit you every day.
even when you get home.
And then when you're
ready and feeling better.
she can come home to you.
Guess you was right. huh?
People can change.
All right.
She can stay with you...
until I'm feeling better.
You're doing the right thing.
I'mma let y'all two
spend some time together.
-Mia?
-Hm?
Thank you.
Hi.
Josh Goodman. please?
Dang. where they at?
It's taking forever.
Hey. give me some forks.
Does this look
like a fork to you?
Just stupid.
Yo. Angela. you ain't gotta
do the woman like that.
You know she ain't all there.
Shut up.
- Girl...
- Ooh!
- Hey. babe.
I hope y'all got
that food going.
'cause I'm starvin'!
Hey. little Cameron.
How you doin'?
Hi.
You remember your
uncle Chris. don't ya?
Huh. it's okay.
I don't come around the family
as much as I'd like to.
That's because my
mama won't let you.
Why don't you make
yourself useful
and go take care of that
crying baby of yours?
How about that?
Cameron. your aunt and I.
we got you a gift.
Are you sure I can have it?
Of course you can have it.
because your auntie Mia
is taking care of you now.
-She's beautiful!
-Just like you.
I'm gonna call her Hannah.
like the woman in the Bible.
Mm!
That's Nancy.
She's the maid.
You got a maid?
Of course I do!
All boss ladies do.
What
happened to your arm?
She burned it on some
hot grease cookin' chicken.
Nancy. would you take
Cameron to her room. please?
Thank you.
Down there?
Yup! You'll be fine.
It's okay.
I don't like the dark.
Can you turn on a light?
I'm scared of the dark!
Shut up!
There's a window right there.
No! No!
-Shh!
-No! No! No! No!
-Cameron. stop!
-No! No! No!
-Sit down.
-No!
Cameron. stop!
I said stop. girl!
Stop!
Let me go.
What you lookin' at?
Uncle Chris.
please don't leave me here!
Please! Please!
I'm scared!
Please don't leave me here!
-Please. I'm scared!
-Cameron...
-Aunt Mia!
It ain't no use in
yellin' and screamin'. baby.
Nobody can hear you.
Aunt Mia!
Aunt Mia. I'm scared!
Aunt Mia. please!
Cameron...
Believe me.
It won't help.
Come.
It's okay.
This is your home now.
Come on out.
-Is this the niece?
-Her name is Cameron.
Hi. Cameron.
That's just
Joanne and Harlen.
They harmless.
You don't have to
worry about them.
What you got there?
Let her be.
She's still in shock.
Well. that's where you'll sleep.
I made some chicken earlier.
I put some to the side for you.
You hungry?
How come you ain't put
nothin' to the side for me?
Hush. she's...
She's our guest.
I'll get you something later.
And no matter what.
you never go behind here. okay?
You understand?
No matter what happens.
Good.
Now. no matter
how thirsty you get.
don't drink the
Kool-Aid they give you.
They put something in
it to make you sleepy.
What should I drink. then?
Anything else but that.
Use the bathroom over there.
It gets pretty cold
down here at night.
so I'ma let you use my
blanket. but just for tonight.
Don't get used to it.
I don't wanna catch pneumonia.
How long do you think
I'll have to stay down here?
Until Mia say it's enough.
Our Father
in the heavens.
let Your name be sanctified.
Let Your kingdom come.
Let Your will take place
as in Heaven. also on earth.
Give us today our
bread for this day.
and forgive us our debts as we
have also forgiven our debtors.
But deliver
us from the wicked one.
In Jesus' name. amen.
I've been calling y'all
for almost a year
about my daughter.
And you have every right
to voice your concern.
We will do everything we can
to establish communication
with Ms. Smith.
Has anyone gone to the house?
We make periodic checks. yes.
Liar!
My sister stopped by
and some Spanish
people live there now.
You guys are not
doing your jobs.
Look. you approved your
daughter staying with Mia.
Okay. wait a minute.
Are you blaming
my sister for this?
Huh?
How was I supposed to know
she'd stop taking my calls?
Listen. I'm not
blaming anyone. okay?
I-I'm simply saying we
cannot be held accountable
for something we didn't know.
It's...
It's been a year.
And you're just now
coming to us.
I...
If you had been doing your job.
I wouldn't be needing
to come to you now.
I thought she was in good hands.
I thought Mia had changed
since she'd gotten out of jail.
It's okay.
Are you gonna help me
get my child back or not?
Um...
Ms. Smith. I'm truly sorry
for this...situation.
I'll--I'll send the police
to all the addresses
that we have on file for Mia.
While we do that.
please continue to contact
everyone that you know
to see if you can
find out anything. okay?
And you report it to me.
Here's. um...my direct number.
Please call it at any time.
Please help me find my baby.
I'll do everything in my power.
Get Thomas to sleep?
Good luck with that.
If you can get him down.
I can take a long lunch.
maybe head on over?
Huh?
Maybe I can handle
a little bit of. uh. uh...
Let me call you back.
That's your easy file!
Mia Smith. jailed for
beating a man with a hammer.
trapping him inside the closet.
and starving him to death!
You said you vetted her.
You told me that you'd
been to the house. Josh!
I drove past it!
Are you kidding me?
Come on. you know
we're swamped around here.
It's impossible to
handle all this casework.
Now a little girl's
life is at stake.
and all you needed to do
was type on your computer
and pull up Mia's record.
It took me all of. what?
15 minutes?
-Okay. I'll stop by the house.
-You damn right you will!
'Cause I'm not taking the
fall for you on this one.
So if you want
your wife and child
to have an employable father.
you handle this.
- Okay. okay...
- Today!
Okay!
Yes. hi. I need the
address of a Mia Smith?
Mia Smith.
You have my checks?
-Angela.
-Chris. Excuse me.
Nancy still ain't get
her disability check.
You probably gonna have to
take her down to the office.
No. it's too risky.
I'll figure something else out.
In the meantime. I'll get her
some work outside the house.
Unless she knows more than
one way to skin a cat.
Okay. 'cause nobody gets
a free ride living here.
Chris stopped getting
disability checks a year ago.
right after he married you.
He gettin' a free ride.
You must have forgotten.
I was the only one that
hold your mama down
when she was in jail.
Trippin'.
He did. I gotta give him that.
I mean. we still getting checks
from Nancy and Joanne's kids
and the custody check from
Cameron.
so we're gonna be
nice for a while.
-Okay.
-Smoke and relax.
Ugh.
It's some white man.
I ain't expectin' nobody.
What you want me to do?
Get rid of him?
Hi. uh. I'm Josh Goodman
from the Department
of Health Services.
-Are you Mia Smith?
-I am.
Great. uh. I'm here to check up
on your niece. Cameron Smith.
-Uh. what about her?
-Is she here?
It's a man. He...
He askin' about Cameron.
No. she's at school.
School?
It's almost 5 o'clock.
Yeah. she's in a
after school program.
-Dance.
-Okay. okay.
Well. uh. I can just come in
and take a look around--
Well. no.
You know. the place is a mess
and my niece isn't here.
So why don't you try
coming back tomorrow?
Well. I could just--
I could just do it right now.
No. you probably should be goin'
'cause it gets dark pretty
fast around here in the fall.
And I don't think this
is a place you wanna be
when it gets dark.
You're probably right.
Um. I will come back tomorrow.
First thing.
-Please have your niece ready.
-I will.
Okay. thank you.
- They gone!
- What?
How do you know?
I saw them leaving last night.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
They packed up
their SUV and left.
It was about 10 people.
Whew!
Nancy! Where you at?
-Let me get that.
-Here. babe.
Get the rest of
the bags out the car.
and then take the diapers
downstairs to Joanne. all right?
Them kids costing me a fortune.
Food better be ready. too.
-'Cause I'm starving!
-Almost...
Well. hurry up!
Cameron!
It's ready.
Hey!
What the...
hell is wrong with you?
Y'all two. stop
runnin' in this house!
The old lady down
the street says
she'll buy the extra
television for $300.
Fine. sell it to her.
But we paid more for that
when we bought it in Atlanta.
Ma. you had it
goin' on out there.
Then you had to change it up
bringin' Cameron into all this.
It's the money that
I'm getting from Cameron
that takes care of
you and your baby.
Okay. so then let me
take the other kids
down to the office.
get them signed up.
so we can get some
benefits or something.
Are you crazy?
What's the point of making
Nan and Jo have these babies
if we ain't cashin' in?
If we take them kids down and
put them in the system here.
that's gonna lead
everybody to us.
Ain't no way the
system in Tennessee
is connected to
the one in Atlanta.
Yeah. well. I'm not
about to find out.
Come on. Ma!
All I'm sayin' is
we ain't been flossin'
like how we used to
since we left Atlanta.
We gon' have to make some
decisions about them kids soon.
Like what?
Maybe sell two of 'em.
Get a little extra money.
Don't nobody get a free ride.
We gon' be all right.
I got a little somethin'
somethin' brewing.
But Ma--
I said I'm gonna
take care of it!
You right.
Bingo.
Who's that?
Yeah.
I've always loved kids.
Especially when they ain't mine.
I know that's right.
So. how long have
you been a nurse?
Over 15 years.
Wow.
Ever deliver any kids?
Ugh. I can do it
with my eyes closed.
Hold that thought.
I'm allergic to a lot of things.
so I need to keep these near me.
Sorry to hear that.
It's okay. I'm used to it.
These keep the old
ticker tickin'.
Oh...
Doesn't count.
Divorced.
Mm.
So. where were we?
Well. we were talkin'
about you. your life and...
Any family?
War had big effects on me.
Couldn't find a job
to save my life.
Funny how that goes.
Became a burden to
my family and friends.
so no support there.
But I get by pretty well
with my disability checks.
I bet you do.
Yeah.
Now all I need is a
good-listening cutie
like yourself
to make my life better.
Well...
I can do you one better.
I have a big house. and...
I could use a hero
like you to share it with.
Interested?
Trish?
Hey. Trish. it's me!
Okay.
Trish?
Oh my god.
Trish.
Trish. Trish.
-Trish. wake up.
-Cam? Cam?
Oh. Cam.
is that you. baby?
No. no. it's me. It's Renee.
Trish. I need you to wake up.
Wake up.
-Where's my baby?
-I don't know.
-Where's Cam?
-Come here. come here.
- Come here. come here.
- Where's Cam?
I don't know.
But it's okay.
I'm here. I got you.
My baby...
I got you.
It's okay. it's okay.
I know. I know.
I know.
I know. I'm here.
I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
I brought you something.
I made some for the
family I keep house for.
I knew today was your birthday.
How?
I saw it on some papers
that Mia keeps upstairs.
Make a wish.
What did you wish for?
What do you think?
I've got a gift for you.
When's the last time
you was outside?
I can't remember.
Well. now you got a piece
of the outside with you.
I have God with me.
I hear you every night
sayin' the Lord's Prayer.
And you keep that.
You keep hope.
That's all that's
gonna see you through.
Oh!
I thought you said
you lived here alone.
Oh. he don't count.
You know what?
Maybe I should think about our
moving in plan a little more
and give you an
answer when I'm sober.
How about we meet up tomorrow?
Well. I would love that.
Um. but at least let me show
you the best part of the house.
It is where you and I...
are gonna spend the
majority of our time.
I dare you to try to leave me.
Then show me.
Oh. I will.
You won't be needing
that. you know?
Come on with your pretty self.
This is exciting.
Go on in.
I'ma get the light.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey. This isn't funny.
Open the door.
Let me out.
Please. please open the door!
Ain't gonna help.
Might as well get used to it.
What the hell are
you talking about?
She can't just leave us here.
We've been stuck in the
basement I don't know how long.
Well. when she opens the door.
we need to work together--
Don't you think we've
tried that already?
All we got was a hot spoon
to the skin and a beatin'.
She ain't never
gonna let you go.
How old are you?
16.
This is Cameron.
I'm Nancy.
He's Harlen.
and she's Joanne.
-How far along are you?
-Eight months.
Great. so when you
go to the hospital.
you need to tell them
about everything that's--
There ain't no hospital.
Jo gonna have
the baby right here
just like all of us.
What others?
How many children are there?
Between me and Jo?
Four.
We need to get
her to a hospital.
We ain't goin' nowhere.
Hey. uh. clean the
blood up off the floor.
If we don't.
she could bleed out!
Bitch. I said we're not leaving.
Now just help with the baby.
Push. Jo!
Push!
There you go. that's it.
It's coming!
Wait...
It's not breathing.
Why isn't it breathing?
My god. what's happening?
What's happening?
Again?
What the hell's wrong with you.
pushing out all
these dead babies?
What kind of monster are you?
She just lost her child!
Bitch. you need to
stay out of business
that don't concern you.
Uh. bury it outside.
I think the shovel is
over there next to the--
Where do you think you're goin'?
Grab her. Ang!
I'm so sorry. Jo.
I'ma keep you in my prayers.
If you really wanna help her.
we have to get out of here.
The last time we
tried to escape--
I don't care
if it didn't work.
Look at Joanne.
No one should live like this.
Oh. we have...
to keep trying...
Help! Somebody help!
Help!
It's okay.
just--just breathe.
Help!
Somebody help!
Give me my stick.
Help!
Just what the hell is
goin' on down here?
We have to get her to a doctor.
I need to
keep these near me.
She don't
need no damn doctor.
She just need them pills.
Cameron. go to my
medicine cabinet
and give me the brown bottle.
Hurry up.
Nancy. you
just gonna sit there
or are you gonna do somethin'?
What?
I don't know. CPR or something.
I don't know how!
I can't breathe.
Shut up!
Don't give them to me. stupid.
Give them to her.
What's happening?
Oh. this bad.
What did you do?
I-I didn't do anything.
No. this is all your fault.
No...
Yeah. the police are
gonna make you pay for this.
No!
They gonna
give you the chair
for killing this white woman.
-Help me.
-Shut up.
Please help me--
I said shut up and
don't touch me!
Now look at me.
Now. I'm gonna help you.
But you remember that
at any given moment.
I can tell the
police what you did.
And they will fry you.
So you remember where
your loyalties lie.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Mia. what are we gonna do now?
Hide it where you hid
all the other bodies.
Mia. this different.
That's a white woman.
And you know them people
gonna come lookin' for her.
Then I guess you need to hide
the body real good. then.
Damn!
Hey. Harlen. go
get the tools. man.
Hurry up!
I'm only gonna
say this once.
It's not your fault.
But Mia said--
To hell with Mia.
I need you to know that
it's not your fault.
No matter what happens. okay?
Cameron!
Get up and go clean the kitchen!
He be actin' a fool!
A straight fool.
I love me some
Will Smith. though.
Hey. y'all better stop
running through this house.
Oof. girl! You stink.
I bet you haven't
showered in. like. what?
A month?
You are one ugly girl.
You know that?
But I guess it's...genetic.
Ugly mother.
Ugly daughter.
Super funny.
He be actin' a fool!
I love me some Will Smith.
though. babe.
I know. I know. I know.
I know they ain't broke nothin'.
Go get them kids!
Can't even watch my show!
Can't even watch my show...
Yeah. that's right.
You done with them dishes yet?
Yeah.
Good.
Take out the trash.
I'll put the food away.
Okay.
God...
I know that you're everywhere.
so I know that you can hear me.
Please...
help me.
Hey Mia. this girl out
here talkin' to trees.
What she sayin'?
How the hell would I know?
Look like she
praying or something.
I don't know why.
It ain't helped her yet.
Cameron's smart.
She ain't like the other ones.
Fool!
Please. okay?
She ain't even gone to school.
You ain't gotta go
to school to be smart.
and you know that.
She quiet.
She observes.
She different.
And most important.
she ain't afraid of you.
Chris. what you
even talkin' about?
I so much as say "boo." that
girl be cryin' for her mama.
Listen. I know she knows that
you call the shots. aight?
But deep down. she know
there is somebody out
there lookin' for her.
Somebody who cares about her.
And sometimes that's all the
hope you need to keep goin'.
Mark my word. the
first chance she gets.
that girl gonna try
to run away from here.
I'm tellin' you.
Kitchen is done.
Good.
Get back to the basement.
Can't sleep either?
I used to do that.
Look outside and wonder
if I'd ever get
a chance to be out there
without Mia on my back.
I feel like you know
so much about me.
I never even asked
how you met Mia.
How any of y'all met her.
Joanne ran away from home.
and she was lookin'
for a mother figure.
She thought she was
gettin' that from Mia.
Harlen. he was...lookin'
for somebody to love him.
treat him like a man.
She told him that she loved
him. and he believed her.
And you?
I was just lookin'
for money to get high.
And Mia offered me that too.
She'll become whatever you
need her to be to reel you in.
And once you fall for it.
she closes the basement door
in your face.
I'm not on drugs anymore.
so there's that.
But you?
You keep lookin' outside.
You don't let these
four walls determine
how your life gon' turn out.
Okay?
Excuse me. ma'am?
Can I carry your bag
for some spare change?
Excuse me?
Ma'am?
Hey.
Look. I-I know you see
a homeless drunk man.
but...I served the country.
Even went overseas.
Did you. now?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Hm.
Even saw some action.
Okay. which war?
Iraq?
When did you serve?
Ah. it's been a--
Now. you see that?
If it's one thing I
can't stand. it's a liar.
If you wanted some money
to get you a drink.
all you had to do was ask.
Yes. ma'am.
'Cause you know even
I like a good drink.
You really didn't have to
come up with this fantasy.
I apologize.
No worries.
Oh...
If you lookin' for
a job. I have one.
Comes with a place to
stay and food to eat.
And alcohol.
Sounds like my kind of work.
I just have one rule...
When I tell you to do
something. you do it.
No questions asked.
Are we clear?
You pay me.
you tell me to jump.
I won't even ask how high.
Good.
You can start tonight.
-Get in.
-Yes. ma'am.
So. what's your name?
Travis. but everyone
calls me Pastor.
Pastor? Why?
Right here.
Thank the Lord.
Want some?
No. I don't know
where your lips been.
So these them. huh?
Mm-hmm.
The hotel behind
the liquor store.
What about buddy?
No.
But these other
three. they can work.
Please. Mia. not Cam.
She just 16.
She's old enough.
She gonna have to
learn about it someday.
Wait. what?
Even her?
Yeah. even her.
I heard that men like women
that's already knocked up.
Nancy?
What?
What's gonna happen
at the motel tomorrow?
Cam. you. um. remember those
Bible verses you used to say
when you first got here?
The ones I said
got on my nerves?
Yeah.
They didn't.
They actually...
calmed me in a weird way.
Tomorrow...
when Pastor takes
us to that motel.
I want you to say those
verses to yourself. you hear?
Just keep sayin'
them over and over
until it stops.
Okay.
Cam. I know you
lost a lot of faith
when that lady died
down here. but...
but I think it jumped on me.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
All of us.
Just hold on. okay?
Hold on.
I been waiting all day for this.
Our father in
the heavens.
let Your name be sanctified.
Let Your kingdom come.
Let Your word take place
as in Heaven. also on earth.
She all we got left.
Take her or leave her.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Relax.
You're a nice girl.
You want candy?
I have candy.
...and the United States
have little reason to fear
importing inflation
from overseas.
The European Central Bank
on Wednesday
kept interest rates unchanged.
resisting pressure to join
other major central banks
and help stimulate the...
How we do?
$790.
There's plenty more
where that came from.
That place is full of
Johns around the clock.
Go on. put them
in the shower.
and then give 'em some
leftovers out the refrigerator.
You heard her!
What you waitin' for?
Go!
Move it!
It's coming?
Breathe. breathe.
Mia!
What are
you yelling about?
It's Joanne!
What's wrong with Joanne?
She's having the baby!
Okay. well. come on.
Push it out.
Go on and push.
You can do it.
You got it.
Cameron. please go
get some towels.
You can do it.
okay?
You got yourself a
beautiful baby girl.
Yes. I do
have myself a
beautiful baby girl.
I'm gonna call her Baby Mia.
Yes. baby.
Yes...
What...
Oh.!
Pay me!
Good play. good play.
Baby. please shut that baby up.
Okay. put a little
powder in the bottle
and give it to her.
make her ass go to sleep.
All right.
As I was saying before
I was rudely interrupted.
we've been gone long enough.
Cam's 17 now.
practically an adult.
Her mama probably not even
lookin' for her no more.
I just don't get why we
can't go back to Atlanta.
She was just a little hungry.
But. but look. Angela.
ain't nobody trying to go
back down to Atlanta. all right?
I'm trying to go
back down to Atlanta.
I ain't never been to Atlanta.
And ain't nobody askin'
you to go either.
Exactly.
Well. if I were to go.
and I'm not sayin' that I am.
Pastor would come with us.
He done earned his
spot in the family.
Well. I'm tired of the people.
and I'm tired of
smelling like cows!
We not flossin' down here--
--like we used to in Atlanta.
I'm so tired of
hearing you say that.
Ain't nobody keeping you here.
So you sayin' I can leave?
If I was forcin' you to stay.
you'd be locked in the
basement...
Girl. she
playing with you!
All I'm sayin'. if you wanna
go. you can go on and go.
Hell. that's two
less mouths to feed.
Now. I know that's right.
But I'm gonna need you
to take Joanne's kids with you.
'cause I'mma give
Pastor the room.
And you see if you can get
they benefits started up again
down in Atlanta.
Sit down.
I'm sending two kids
up there with you.
And it better be two
when Pastor comes
to check things out.
Okay. where were we?
I smell some money.
You about to give me 20 points.
Game. pow!
She's taking my kids.
-She's taking my kids.
-What are you talking about?
Angela's moving back. and
she's taking my kids with her!
What about the baby?
I don't know!
I don't know what
she's gonna do.
Lookin' at those
trees ain't gonna help.
I know you think
God is everywhere.
but he ain't. 'cause if he was.
he wouldn't keep letting all
this bad stuff happen to us.
It is not God that lets bad
things happen to people.
But he ain't savin'
us from it. either.
You think God gonna let
me hold my babies again?
I hope so.
I can watch
baby Mia in the kitchen.
If you want.
No. not in the kitchen.
That's too dangerous in there.
Uh. you can take her to
the basement. all right?
I'ma go handle some business.
Oh!
Oh. she look like my mama.
She's beautiful.
I know Mia call her Baby Mia.
but that's not her name.
That's not your name!
It's Marie.
That's my mama name.
What's your mama name?
Cathy.
I used to think
she was so strict.
but now I know
she just loved me.
What about your mother?
Ruth.
She died when I
was a little girl.
I don't remember much about her.
Been alone ever since.
My mother's name is Patricia.
She's the prettiest
lady you'd ever see.
She's funny. too.
She looked out for me back then.
My other mother's name is Nancy.
She's brave and strong...
She's the mother who
takes care of me now.
She take care of all of us.
Do you want a piece?
It's your favorite.
Thank you.
You a police officer. right?
I saw your badge
the first time we met.
Surprised?
Nothing surprises me anymore.
My mama said that.
when you in trouble.
you should always
call the police.
Your mama was right.
Well. I'm in trouble.
How much for all night?
How long has she had
you in that basement?
Over 10 years.
Damn.
We're gonna do
somethin' about it.
Thank you so much. Officer.
I tell you. this woman is evil.
You have no idea the
kind of stuff she does.
She...
She won't even
feed us. you know?
Like.
This is nothin'.
Those other girls
you saw. they're--
they're in the basement too.
Where...
Where are you going?
You said we was goin'
to the police station.
We. we back in my neighborhood.
No. this is--
This is the wrong way!
No!
You said you would
take me and help me!
No. please!
Get up!
Please don't
leave me back here!
-Shut up!
-Please don't...
You the police!
You supposed to help me!
You said your system was tight.
It is.
Trust it'll never
happen again.
I'm not takin' you at your word.
Prove it.
Chris. go get the others.
Okay.
Y'all need to see.
This is what happens when
you try to leave this house.
Or talk about what
goes on in this house.
Let me tell you something.
I know everything.
I'm everywhere.
I'm god in this house!
Pastor--
Get your ass up!
Put her in the attic.
Take off her damn clothes.
I don't want to
waste no good dress
on no beat-up bitch.
Does our word mean
something now?
Yeah. I'm convinced.
Run the damn ball. boy!
I'm gonna go ahead on
and head out to the store.
I'll be back in about an hour.
All right. baby.
Be careful.
Hey. man.
Sassy little bitch.
Hey. bring me a beer!
And hurry up.
I said hurry up!
Nancy...
My god. it's so hot in here.
Here.
C-Cam...
Don't come back.
I'll see you tomorrow.
We good to go for tonight.
What's the 411 on Nancy?
You got the policeman and about
five other men askin' about her.
You're missin' out on
a whole lot of money.
I guess she been up
there long enough.
Cameron?
Go on up there and help
Nancy get cleaned up
and ready for work.
Nancy. they're letting you--
Nancy?
No... No...
Nancy!
Nancy. please!
No. no. no. no!
Nancy. wake up!
Wake up. please!
No!
No. Nancy. please!
Damn.
Please. Nancy. no!
No!
What the hell
are you yelling about?
Nancy! She won't wake up!
Girl. shut up!
What we gonna do?
That policeman
ain't gonna save us now.
-Okay--
-You need to fix this!
Everybody shut up!
Uh uh. I ain't signed
up for any of this.
-Hell no!
-Pastor!
You said that when
I tell you to jump.
you weren't gonna
ask me how high.
That's what you told me.
So don't start askin' now.
Now. get the others.
pack up the whole house.
We gotta go.
Fix this. babe.
I got it.
Get your ass up and come on.
What about Nancy?
What about her?
I said get downstairs and pack.
Don't make me ask you again.
Now!
Okay. come on. y'all.
Chris. grab my good
pillows over there. baby.
Don't drop that VCR.
Go on. take it over there.
Pastor. come on with
the baby's toys!
It don't take that long!
Cameron!
Hurry up!
And don't break
my damn computer!
Come on. baby.
grab these clothes.
Come on. here we go.
Pastor. come on. now. come on!
Cameron. be gentle with that.
You break that computer.
I'ma break your ass.
Come on. y'all. Here we go.
Hey. take those bags
upstairs for me.
Ma. let me show
you the basement.
It ain't really
much of a basement.
And the manager's strict.
Don't want anything down
here. not even no animals.
So they can't stay long.
Yeah. well. we'll
be out of your hair
once we find a place of our own.
There's not enough space
down here for all of us.
Don't worry.
I got the perfect spot for you.
Get in.
No. please.
Girl. get in before
I get my BB gun.
Why are you doing this?
Because you weak.
You don't even know what
it takes to survive.
And you do?
In this life. you either
taken from somebody
or they taken from you.
I do what I gotta do to make it.
I held this family down
when your grandma died!
And what thanks do I get?
Nothing.
The disrespect.
Through all the beatings.
the rape. the jail time...
I was always there
for the family.
But it wasn't enough.
So forget them.
But your ass is weak.
And I'ma make it strong like me.
Like you?
I'll never be like you!
No!
No. please!
Aunt Mia. please!
Auntie Mia!
Please. Auntie Mia. don't--
Auntie Mia. let me out!
You gettin' a little too
comfortable in here.
We're family now.
Dang. Ma!
Elijah is upstairs sleeping.
Can't you take that outside?
Girl. shut up.
Don't tell me what to do.
Good riddance.
Any luck?
No.
Nothing with a
basement big enough.
Yeah. and that
basement is too small.
It stinks to high hell.
Neighbors gonna cause a
fuss one of these days.
Don't you think I know that?
What we can do is
probably air the basement out
and even let them get some air.
Maybe that could buy us
some time.
What about your niece?
Man. it gotta be
100 degrees in there.
She ain't had no food
or water in three days.
It's almost like
you're trying to kill the girl.
Our Father
in the heavens.
let Your name be sanctified.
Let Your Kingdom come.
Let Your will take place
as in Heaven. on earth.
Am I dead?
All right. thank you for this.
And. uh...it will
clear this time?
Yes.
All right. well.
thank you very much.
Take care.
Oh. you know. one more thing?
We got some complaints
from the neighbors
about some of the
smells around here.
I want to make sure there's
no pets. no dogs.
no nothin'. right?
I know the rules.
We don't have any pets.
- All right. Take care.
- You too.
All right.
Oh. god!
Oh!
What?
Ugh. I knew it.
Come on out!
Oh my god...
911.
what's your emergency?
-Police!
Clear?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
You can't go in
when you don't have a warrant!
Get off of me!
You're hurting me!
Police!
Get down. ma'am!
Get down!
Hey. get your hands
off of her. man!
Calm down! Calm down!
No!
Don't touch her!
Stop touching her like that!
Stay calm.
Oh my god.
We found her.
Hey. it's okay. it's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I promise.
Come on.
You got it.
You're fine.
I got you.
It's all right.
Here we go.
What's your name. hon?
I want my mom.
We'll call your
mom. don't worry.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Cleared out.
Our Father in the heavens.
let Your name be sanctified.
Let Your kingdom come...
Let Your will take place
--as in Heaven.
also on earth.
Mama?
Next on the docket.
we have Mrs. Mia Smith.
For the record. please
state your name.
Mia Smith.
At this time. you may
explain to the board
why you're suitable
for early parole.
I didn't have a easy life.
I was abused by my own mother
and by others in my family.
I did what I...
could do to survive.
Yeah. I did wrong.
But I learned my lesson.
I got help.
And now I know that I
hurt a lot of people.
I'm sorry.
And I know that if you
give me another chance.
I can be a productive
member of society.
Thank you for listening
to my petition.
Thank you. Ms. Smith.
If there's anyone else
who wishes to speak.
you may do so now.
Thank you.
For the record. your name is?
Cameron Smith.
Thank you. Miss Smith.
What would you like to say?
You once told me
that you held down the
family after Grandma died.
But you don't know
what family means.
Family looks out for each other.
They care for each other.
Family doesn't hurt each other.
They don't...hold
each other captive.
rape.
torture.
or force each other into
sexual acts with strangers.
You said you did
those things to me
to make me strong.
Well. I'm stronger than you.
And I won't hurt others
the way that you hurt me.
You're evil.
And you don't
deserve to be free.
Thank you.